
Last amendment date: 23 November 2012.

iQure Inc. ("iQure") owns and operates the website and related services located at www.iqure.com.  (The website and all related services and any related documentation are called, collectively, the "Website".)
These Term of Use set out the agreement between you and iQure (the "Agreement") under which you may access and use the Website.

BY ACCESSING OR USING ANY OF THE WEBSITE YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AS THE SAME MAY BE AMENDED AS PROVIDED HEREIN.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THE TERMS SET OUT IN THIS AGREEMENT YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE.
YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE IF YOU ARE LESS THAN 13 YEARS OF AGE.

AMENDMENTS


iQure may amend this Agreement at any time by posting a new agreement in place of this one.  These amendments may include, without limitation, adding to, deleting from or modifying any of the provisions in this Agreement.  iQure will post notice that the Agreement has been amended on its main website located at www.iqure.com for a period of 30 days.  The amended agreement shall automatically be effective when posted.  Your continued use of the Website following the posting of the amended agreement and the posting of such notice shall mean that you accept the terms of this Agreement as amended.  If you do not agree with any of the terms or conditions in the amended Agreement then you agree to immediately cease all use of the Website, which shall be your sole recourse and remedy in the event you are dissatisfied with the amended Agreement. This Agreement may not otherwise be amended.

The first paragraph of this Agreement indicates when the Agreement was last amended.  Please check back regularly to review for changes.

LICENSE


Provided you are fully complying with this Agreement, you are granted a non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use and access the Website.

ACCESS


In order to access and use the Website you agree to abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Certain portions of the Website may require you to have a user id.  This may require you to provide some of your personal information to iQure.  You agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as requested and (b) promptly update this information as required to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.

If you select a username or other identifier, we reserve the right to require that you change the same if we determine in our sole discretion that the username or identifier is not appropriate or incorporates a third party trademark or an element that is confusingly similar to a third party trademark.

iQure has the right, in iQure's sole discretion, to suspend or terminate your current and future access and use of the Website in the event iQure reasonably believes that you are conducting yourself or providing information or other material in a manner which is in breach of this Agreement.

You shall not permit any other person to access the Website through use of your userid/password or otherwise.  You will be solely responsible for all activity of any person using your userid/password.  You are solely responsible for ensuring that your userid/passwords are kept secret.

iQure may monitor your use of the Website to ensure compliance with this Agreement.

PRIVACY


Your privacy is very important to iQure.  Our Privacy Policy sets out our privacy practises.  You can view our Privacy Policy at [Drafting Note: Provide a link to the Privacy Policy.] We strongly encourage you to review our Privacy Policy so you understand how your personal information is collected, used and disclosed as well as our privacy practises.

CREDITS AND FEES


In order to access certain portions of the Website and/or use some services or features of the Website you may be required to pay a fee.
In order to access certain portions of the Website and/or use some services or features of the Website you may be required to pay with credits.  As you access those portions of the Website and/or use features or services that require credits, the credits in your account will automatically be reduced in accordance with the number of required credits.

You can purchase credits from time to time.  Credits are non-refundable, have no cash value and are non-transferable.  As well, credits expire one year after they have been credited to your account.